we are pleased to announce Android 22
there are four areas we'd like to
highlight in this video we're working to
continue improving overall speed and
performance on Android in Android to to
the newly introduced dalvik JIT compiler
delivers a 225 x performance boost the
CPU bound code prepared to Android two
dot one in this demo version of the game
replica Island the screen turns red when
the cpu is unable to keep the game
simulation thread above 30 frames per
second here the Android 22 device with
jit maintains a game simulation frame
rate above 35 while the two dot one
device quickly goes below 30 developers
can use android cloud-to-device
messaging to easily enable alerts send a
phone and two-way sync functionality for
their apps with this API an app server
can send authenticated messages to the
Google server which would push the
message to the app on a user's device in
this example a developer has used
android cloud-to-device messaging to
enable a URL send a phone extension from
the desktop browser that automatically
opens the push page with the appropriate
app here google maps the app backup api
enables any app to have its data backed
up and then restored when installed on
any device the feature is controlled by
users via the automatic restore setting
on their device
with Android 22 developers can specify
whether they want their app installed on
a devices SD card for apps residing on
the SD card users can move the app from
the SD card to internal storage and back
from the manage application settings on
droid 22 introduces the ability to use
one's phone as a portable hotspot users
can activate portable hotspot on their
phone then connect their computer to the
portable hotspot to get internet access
we're continuing to make the browser
better and faster Android 22 introduces
the v8 JavaScript engine which provides
a two to 3x improvement in JavaScript
rendering times compared to android 21
you can see the difference in these side
by side visualizations of the respective
sunspider JavaScript benchmarking test
results we're introducing several new
features to android market users can
choose to let a nap auto update as long
as permissions remain unchanged users
can also update all apps with unchanged
permissions with a single click
application error reports will provide
to developers appcrash and freeze
reports submitted by users these reports
will be available to developers through
their Android Market publisher account
to learn more about Android 22 please go
to our website developer android com